Good afternoon
Hello, I am from Ukraine, the city of Khmelnitsky, you are
from the Russian city of
Kogaly Kogalym.
just like everything is different
Tell me why the
demilitarization of the Russian army in the
Kharkiv region is carried out with such
huge quick methods of the
Kharkov region see the Ukrainian
bunch of cities so the Russian army
abandoned a bunch of equipment
how are you a person you are on the army
Tell me the technique of the corpses of Russians what is there
Tell me maybe  we can show us the
wrong news, I don’t
trust our TV Well, let’s
not tell the news just tell us what you
heard Let’s get the news Why
don’t turn it on and then you say that I’m a pizdabol
Say tell me what come on And who is there to
wait for Nashinkovo
er what is in Kharkiv  the area
from us opens up we are told that  we have
only wins there
Now wait, I’ll only find a film I don’t
think that Russia should retreat
And it
can’t be so shameful, I don’t believe Yes,
3000 square kilometers, it’s like we
said something like that, they abandoned all the people
who we said that Russia is there
forever
yes it turns out A  why
how now people will be the
general staff that suckers are sitting there
or something
in the news what you were told in the news
about it
well so that it would
make a breakthrough  armies of the world you’re
exaggerating something now, I
can’t [ __ ] tell you the exact number of
how many there were [ __ ] on the breakthrough Well,
they say the strong groups of
black mercenaries Yes,
there the blacks were shock groups and the
Americans were
on the Internet, it
turns out that the
Kharkiv region was liberated with the
help of just foreign mercenaries
tell your
information what you need you have on the stream of the whale people
are sitting you are telling them something
why are you so nervous that the
Russians got diesels in the
Kharkiv region I understand that these are
mercenaries Americans Poles because of this
yes
They just hide from us Propaganda
will tell us that we have a super army
smashed the Russians there I don’t think that this
could be something wrong here
it’s your boring face that has become
as if you’re not from Kogalym from Kolyma
that external news is waiting to know
our news doesn’t make sense to read
everything with us Arrestovich’s propaganda there
says
that you find there
only somehow change on your face it’s
not scary for you that you  there you are reading
this
I, too, while I look for help,
attention, recently we saw how gorgeously the
attack was repulsed by subscriptions when we burned two
Tanks that were two bahi, these guys
were directly involved in
repelling this attack
What is your name And you are My name is Dmitry
please tell us the details
of that battle
as always, we sat minding our own
business, servicing the guns, who fired the shells, the
target came, as always  faster
quickly they did everything quickly worked out
the corrections came from the second shell
hit the tank went 2 to help him and from the
second shell they put the
corrections went on the
second tank you get
two tanks
already shot you just change the numbers it
turns out each one can generally say
50 meters
That is, I understood correctly, let's  so
I correctly understood that in response to my question what
happened in short There in the Kharkov region
you show me some kind of
video where two Ukrainian tanks were shot down
After all, do you think that you
showed or there is a story from the
News that Russian troops knocked out
two tanks and one behu is
equivalent to the fact that  as a result of the
Ukrainian offensive, the
Russian army fled in disgrace with disgrace,
fled in disgrace from the Kharkiv region
as far as Belgorod,
like this is a great Russian
military ex.
two Ukrainian tanks knocked out  it’s easier
because two of the three tanks that
were in Ukraine are true
Tell me what’s on your mind now
while I’m reading the news
tell me when
you’re ready to talk
they didn’t explain that before it was so recaptured Yes,
and
they didn’t recapture it in Kharkov That is, it turns out
you show me that as a result of
some kind of repulse of an attack, two
Ukrainian tanks and a behu were knocked out like that But how does this
compare with the fact that they threw the entire
Russian group in the Kharkov
region,
in contrast  from you, I’m showing you
what I have, you don’t show me anything
You’re just like yours,
you look at me, you’re nobody for me to
call
each other
Nobody but you, but for some reason you are sitting here, you do
n’t want the
whole Internet,
it turns out well filmed  it turns out
your your command was yes nothing
where what the [ __ ] is this Explain
explain to me why explain explain
what then if this is not a breakthrough explain
what it was  about what it was explain to me what it was why don’t cut off I see what you are picking up Write in the comments that the fish is a daring person who we will take Kyiv there in three days I just know I am sharing with you a positive attitude he has now given such a scoreboard Type far away I am shorter already I cough in short, it charges out of positive, as if I’m priests Dude, in short, let’s all be a boy of Ukraine, you just twist you undermine and maybe we can at the General Staff, here’s the wisest wine, you who create a winbet in the General Staff Glory to Ukraine